Move FAQ to docs (#598)
polkadot-js/extension: README.md

![interface screenshots](docs/extension-overview.png)

## Documentation and examples

> Find out more about how to use the extension as a Dapp developper, cookbook, as well as answers to most frequent question in the [Polkadot-js extension docuementation](polkadot.js.org/docs/extension/)

Author: ```suggestion
Find out more about how to use the extension as a Dapp developper, cookbook, as well as answers to most frequent questions in the [Polkadot-js extension docuementation](https://polkadot.js.org/docs/extension/)
```
